MNIST simulation in C++

4/25/2017
So for now I am going to simulate a recurrent Neural
Network that runs the benchmark MNIST handwritten
number catagorization test. I'm making this git
repository so I am able to work in the lab as well
as from the dorm or the library. The steps I will
take to complete this will be as follows. 
1.) Design solution on paper and review past work
2.) make program

Obviously there will be parts 1.1 and 2.1 but thats
a later problem.

5/8/2017
Beginning to create the NN in C++ initially focusing
on the ability to read the appropreate MNIST data
set and return the information in array structures
that I can process accordingly. Still re-learning
the versatilites of vim and will need to either 
write my own matrix math functions or if I can
leverage MATLAB and its highly developed matrix lib.

Would like to finish the research and the Stanford
CS231n Convolutional Neural Networks online lecture
notes analysis by this Thursday and fully understood
my end goal design by this Friday. Today though I
want to have the read function and finish many notes

5/9/2017
Learned more of the basics yesterday of construction
of my neural net, and I'll look to implement some
cool features as well as some nessacary ones. Really
need to hone down today on how I am going to handle
my matrix algebra. Most likely will use Eigen as it
has very little setup and has lots of support info
online. Today will also try to address how to read
mnist file. 
